according to new report from the United
Nations our planet is in worse shape
than at any other time in human history
they say a million animal and plant
species are on the verge of extinction
thanks to things like pollution and
climate change and yet our federal
government not only did they do nothing
about it they seem to like it the
Secretary of State today said Mike
Pompeo said melting sea-ice presents new
opportunities for trade great it will be
very good for the kayak industry but
everyone else is screwed and the Trump
administration has done everything they
can to do nothing about climate change
they just don't listen to the scientists
a lot of people don't not just when it
comes to climate change
scientific fact is suddenly seen as some
kind of partisan scare tactic and it
endangers all of us so one major
celebrity is spearheading a new
initiative to raise awareness of this
foray into ignorance and what we has to
say is important so please listen
hi I'm actor director and two-time
sexiest man alive George Clooney science
has given us unprecedented knowledge of
the natural world from subatomic
particles to the majesty of space
science enables us to cure diseases to
communicate across great distances even
to fly tragically though the volumes of
invaluable knowledge gathered over
centuries are now threatened by an
epidemic of dumb idiots saying dumb you
know what this is it's a snowball so
it's very very cold out dump is highly
contagious infecting the minds of even
the most stable geniuses if you have a
windmill anywhere near your house they
say the noise causes cancer you tell me
that one okay
Wow
as a result rampant dump now threatens
our health our security and our planet
fortunately there is hope
at United to defeat untruthful
misinformation and support science you
dumbass your generous contribution to
you dumbass
will provide desperately needed
knowledge to dump idiots on Facebook and
Twitter all around the world just twenty
dollars will convince one idiot that
climate change is real fifty will teach
five brainless dumb to vaccinate their
kids and two hundred will teach ten dip
knuckle draggers that dinosaurs existed
but not at the same time as people
together you can win the fight against
dumb penis you can't do it alone
call this number today operators are
standing by
don't be idiot the world needs your
support you dumbass
thank you George on behalf of the whole
planet if you liked that video then put
a ring on it click the subscribe button
below
ohh